Si Tian, ​​what ideal do you have?
Si Tian, ​​please speak clearly.
Mom, brother, you have all been deceived by this woman.
Let him control the child. Why can't you be Brother Gu Xun?
Si Tian, ​​what do you mean?
How could the child I'm pregnant with not be Gu Xun's child?
Arrow, you did something unreasonable and said something back.
I just got my provincial one and reported,
This shows that Tai Jing is full of desire for all around.
But when everyone came forward, brother Gu Xun happened to be on a business trip.
Look at you hiding your children.
I don't. It should be said that it was grandpa who said
How did it come about? It’s hard
My prince has obviously left in vain
How could it be four?